docs: reference Grafana Agent Flow as an OTel Collector distribution (#6633)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/_index.md

# Grafana Agent

> Grafana Agent is an OpenTelemetry Collector distribution with configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent is Grafana's distribution of the OpenTelemetry Collector with configuration
```
cc @jpkrohling

> inspired by [Terraform][]. It is designed to be flexible, performant, and

Reviewer: Should we call out as primary goal brining Prometheus native pipeline to he OTel Collector in order to notable seamless integration between the Otel and Prometheus worlds?

> compatible with multiple ecosystems such as Prometheus and OpenTelemetry.

Author: I'm OK with the first suggestion. 

Let me look if there's a good place for in the root README for the second snippet as well.
